# Page snapshot

```yaml
- generic [ref=e1]:
  - button "Use Website In a Screen-Reader Mode" [ref=e2]
  - link "Accessibility Screen-Reader Guide, Feedback, and Issue Reporting | New window" [ref=e3]:
    - /url: https://accessibe.com/blog/knowledgebase/screen-reader-guide
  - generic:
    - generic:
      - region "Skip Links":
        - generic:
          - link "Skip to Content":
            - /url: "#acsbContent"
  - dialog [ref=e4]:
    - generic [ref=e5]:
      - img [ref=e6]
      - text: Simplify Text
    - button [ref=e8] [cursor=pointer]:
      - img [ref=e9]
  - 'button "Open accessiBe: accessibility options, statement and help" [ref=e13] [cursor=pointer]':
    - generic:
      - img [ref=e14]
      - img
      - img
  - link "Skip to main content" [ref=e17]:
    - /url: "#main-content"
  - generic [ref=e19]:
    - link "Skip to main content" [ref=e20]:
      - /url: "#main-page-content"
    - banner [ref=e21]:
      - generic [ref=e23]:
        - link "Go to Home Page" [ref=e25]:
          - /url: /
          - img "home page" [ref=e26]
        - button [ref=e29] [cursor=pointer]
        - text:        
    - main [ref=e31]:
      - article [ref=e33]:
        - generic [ref=e35]:
          - heading "JAMS ADR News & Press Releases" [level=1] [ref=e38]
          - generic [ref=e40]:
            - heading "FEATURED PRESS RELEASES" [level=4] [ref=e42]
            - generic [ref=e43]:
              - article [ref=e44]:
                - article [ref=e45]:
                  - generic [ref=e47]: February 18, 2026
                  - generic [ref=e48]:
                    - article [ref=e51]:
                      - img "Millenacker-Robyn-Candid-Horizontal.jpg" [ref=e54]
                    - generic [ref=e55]:
                      - link "Hon. Robyn A. Millenacker, Retired Judge, Ransey County District Court Joins JAMS in Minneapolis Minneapolis – JAMS, the premier provider of alternative dispute resolution (ADR) services worldwide, is pleased to announce that Robyn A. Millenacker, Retired Judge, Ramsey County District Court, has joined its panel. She joins following nearly four decades of litigation and judicial service in state and federal courts. Judge Millenacker served as a District Court judge for the Second Judicial District, State of Minnesota, Saint Paul from 2010 to 2024. Prior to joining the bench, she spent 17 years as an assistant U.S. attorney in Minneapolis and Los Angeles. A recognized leader in juvenile" [ref=e56]:
                        - /url: https://www.jamsadr.com/news/2026/robyn-a-millenacker-retired-judge-ransey-county-district-court-joins-jams
                        - heading "Hon. Robyn A. Millenacker, Retired Judge, Ransey County District Court Joins JAMS in Minneapolis" [level=4] [ref=e57]
                        - paragraph
                        - paragraph [ref=e59]: Minneapolis – JAMS, the premier provider of alternative dispute resolution (ADR) services worldwide, is pleased to announce that Robyn A. Millenacker, Retired Judge, Ramsey County District Court, has joined its panel. She joins following nearly four decades of litigation and judicial service in state and federal courts. Judge Millenacker served as a District Court judge for the Second Judicial District, State of Minnesota, Saint Paul from 2010 to 2024. Prior to joining the bench, she spent 17 years as an assistant U.S. attorney in Minneapolis and Los Angeles. A recognized leader in juvenile
                        - paragraph
                      - paragraph
                      - article [ref=e62]:
                        - link "New Panelist Announcement" [ref=e63]:
                          - /url: /news?type=1761
                      - paragraph
                  - button [ref=e66] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - img [ref=e68]
              - article [ref=e69]:
                - article [ref=e70]:
                  - generic [ref=e72]: February 11, 2026
                  - generic [ref=e73]:
                    - article [ref=e76]:
                      - img "Timpane_Mike-Candid-Horizontal.jpg" [ref=e79]
                    - link "Michael J. Timpane, Esq., Rejoins JAMS in San Francisco" [ref=e81]:
                      - /url: https://www.jamsadr.com/news/2026/michael-j-timpane-esq-rejoins-jams-in-san-francisco
                      - heading "Michael J. Timpane, Esq., Rejoins JAMS in San Francisco" [level=4] [ref=e82]
                  - button [ref=e85] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - img [ref=e87]
              - article [ref=e88]:
                - article [ref=e89]:
                  - generic [ref=e91]: February 9, 2026
                  - generic [ref=e92]:
                    - article [ref=e95]:
                      - img "Rodriguez-Jose-Candid-Horizontal.jpg" [ref=e98]
                    - link "Jose M. Rodriguez, Retired Judge, 11th Judicial Circuit Court of Florida, Joins JAMS in Miami" [ref=e100]:
                      - /url: https://www.jamsadr.com/news/2026/jose-m-rodriguez-retired-judge-11th-judicial-circuit-court-of-florida-joins
                      - heading "Jose M. Rodriguez, Retired Judge, 11th Judicial Circuit Court of Florida, Joins JAMS in Miami" [level=4] [ref=e101]
                  - button [ref=e104] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - img [ref=e106]
          - generic [ref=e110]:
            - generic [ref=e111]:
              - generic [ref=e112]:
                - textbox "Search News" [ref=e113]
                - button "Search News" [ref=e114] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - img [ref=e115]
              - button "Sort news by title" [ref=e116] [cursor=pointer]:
                - img [ref=e118]:
                  - generic "A Z" [ref=e119]
                - img [ref=e121]
            - generic [ref=e122]:
              - paragraph [ref=e123]: "Filters:"
              - group [ref=e124] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic "Type" [ref=e125]:
                  - generic [ref=e126]: Type
              - group [ref=e127] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic "Region" [ref=e128]:
                  - generic [ref=e129]: Region
              - group [ref=e130] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic "Practice Areas" [ref=e131]:
                  - generic [ref=e132]: Practice Areas
              - group [ref=e133] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic "Year" [ref=e134]:
                  - generic [ref=e135]: Year
          - generic [ref=e138]:
            - article [ref=e139]:
              - generic [ref=e140]: February 17, 2026
              - img "Hon. Daniel Weinstein (Ret.) Honored With the James F. Henry Award by the Institute for Conflict Prevention & Resolution" [ref=e142]
              - generic [ref=e143]:
                - generic [ref=e144]:
                  - link "Awards" [ref=e146]:
                    - /url: /news/?type=1736
                  - link "Hon. Daniel Weinstein (Ret.) Honored With the James F. Henry Award by the Institute for Conflict Prevention & Resolution" [ref=e147]:
                    - /url: /news/2026/daniel-weinstein-honored-with-the-james-f-henry-award-by-the-institute-for
                    - heading "Hon. Daniel Weinstein (Ret.) Honored With the James F. Henry Award by the Institute for Conflict Prevention & Resolution" [level=3] [ref=e148]
                - paragraph [ref=e149]: Sacramento, Calif. – JAMS, the premier provider of alternative dispute resolution (ADR) services, is pleased to announce that Hon. Daniel Weinstein (Ret.), a founder of JAMS and one of the nation’s mo...
              - button "Share Event" [ref=e152] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e153]: Share Event
                - img [ref=e154]
            - article [ref=e155]:
              - generic [ref=e156]: February 12, 2026
              - img "JAMS Expands JAMS Next With the Addition of Steno, a Modern Court Reporting Service" [ref=e158]
              - generic [ref=e159]:
                - generic [ref=e160]:
                  - link "General Announcements" [ref=e162]:
                    - /url: /news/?type=1746
                  - link "JAMS Expands JAMS Next With the Addition of Steno, a Modern Court Reporting Service" [ref=e163]:
                    - /url: /news/2026/jams-expands-jams-next-with-the-addition-of-steno-a-modern-court-reporting
                    - heading "JAMS Expands JAMS Next With the Addition of Steno, a Modern Court Reporting Service" [level=3] [ref=e164]
                - paragraph [ref=e165]: Irvine, Calif. – JAMS, the premier provider of alternative dispute resolution (ADR) services worldwide, today announced that it is incorporating Steno®, a modern, tech-enabled court reporting service,...
              - button "Share Event" [ref=e168] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e169]: Share Event
                - img [ref=e170]
            - article [ref=e171]:
              - generic [ref=e172]: February 5, 2026
              - img "JAMS and Law.com Release 2025 ADR Industry Trends Survey" [ref=e174]
              - generic [ref=e175]:
                - generic [ref=e176]:
                  - link "General Announcements" [ref=e178]:
                    - /url: /news/?type=1746
                  - link "JAMS and Law.com Release 2025 ADR Industry Trends Survey" [ref=e179]:
                    - /url: /news/2026/jams-and-lawcom-release-2025-adr-industry-trends-survey
                    - heading "JAMS and Law.com Release 2025 ADR Industry Trends Survey" [level=3] [ref=e180]
                - paragraph [ref=e181]: Irvine, Calif. – JAMS, in collaboration with Law.com, today released findings from its 2025 ADR Industry Trends Survey, showing that alternative dispute resolution (ADR) is now a standard and growing ...
              - button "Share Event" [ref=e184] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e185]: Share Event
                - img [ref=e186]
            - article [ref=e187]:
              - generic [ref=e188]: February 2, 2026
              - img "Barbara Bennett, Esq., Joins JAMS in Atlanta" [ref=e190]
              - generic [ref=e191]:
                - link "Barbara Bennett, Esq., Joins JAMS in Atlanta" [ref=e193]:
                  - /url: /news/2026/barbara-bennett-esq-joins-jams-in-atlanta
                  - heading "Barbara Bennett, Esq., Joins JAMS in Atlanta" [level=3] [ref=e194]
                - paragraph [ref=e195]: Atlanta – JAMS, the premier provider of alternative dispute resolution (ADR) services worldwide, is pleased to announce that Barbara Bennett, Esq., has joined its panel. She joins with extensive exper...
              - button "Share Event" [ref=e198] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e199]: Share Event
                - img [ref=e200]
            - article [ref=e201]:
              - generic [ref=e202]: January 28, 2026
              - img "Hon. Natasha L. Abel (Ret.) Joins JAMS in Philadelphia" [ref=e204]
              - generic [ref=e205]:
                - generic [ref=e206]:
                  - link "New Panelist Announcement" [ref=e208]:
                    - /url: /news/?type=1761
                  - link "Hon. Natasha L. Abel (Ret.) Joins JAMS in Philadelphia" [ref=e209]:
                    - /url: /news/2026/natasha-l-abel-joins-jams-in-philadelphia
                    - heading "Hon. Natasha L. Abel (Ret.) Joins JAMS in Philadelphia" [level=3] [ref=e210]
                - paragraph [ref=e211]: Philadelphia – JAMS, the premier provider of alternative dispute resolution (ADR) services worldwide, is pleased to announce that Hon. Natasha L. Abel (Ret.) has joined following 16 years of experienc...
              - button "Share Event" [ref=e214] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e215]: Share Event
                - img [ref=e216]
            - article [ref=e217]:
              - generic [ref=e218]: January 26, 2026
              - img "The JAMS Fellowship Program Is Accepting Applications" [ref=e220]
              - generic [ref=e221]:
                - link "The JAMS Fellowship Program Is Accepting Applications" [ref=e223]:
                  - /url: /news/2026/the-jams-fellowship-program-is-accepting-applications
                  - heading "The JAMS Fellowship Program Is Accepting Applications" [level=3] [ref=e224]
                - paragraph [ref=e225]: Irvine, Calif. – JAMS, the premier provider of alternative dispute resolution (ADR) services worldwide, is pleased to announce that applications are now being accepted for the 2026 JAMS Fellowship Pro...
              - button "Share Event" [ref=e228] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e229]: Share Event
                - img [ref=e230]
            - article [ref=e231]:
              - generic [ref=e232]: January 23, 2026
              - img "Hon. Jeffrey K. Oing (Ret.) and Hon. Anil C. Singh (Ret.) Honored by the NYSBA’s Committee on Courts of Appellate Jurisdiction" [ref=e234]
              - generic [ref=e235]:
                - generic [ref=e236]:
                  - link "Awards" [ref=e238]:
                    - /url: /news/?type=1736
                  - link "Hon. Jeffrey K. Oing (Ret.) and Hon. Anil C. Singh (Ret.) Honored by the NYSBA’s Committee on Courts of Appellate Jurisdiction" [ref=e239]:
                    - /url: /news/2026/jeffrey-k-oing-and-anil-c-singh-honored-by-the-nysbas-committee-on-courts
                    - heading "Hon. Jeffrey K. Oing (Ret.) and Hon. Anil C. Singh (Ret.) Honored by the NYSBA’s Committee on Courts of Appellate Jurisdiction" [level=3] [ref=e240]
                - paragraph [ref=e241]: Irvine, Calif. – JAMS, the premier provider of alternative dispute resolution (ADR) services worldwide, is pleased to announce that Hon. Jeffrey K. Oing (Ret.) and Hon. Anil C. Singh (Ret.) were honor...
              - button "Share Event" [ref=e244] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e245]: Share Event
                - img [ref=e246]
            - article [ref=e247]:
              - generic [ref=e248]: January 21, 2026
              - img "JAMS Relocates Atlanta Resolution Center to Promenade Tower in Midtown" [ref=e250]
              - generic [ref=e251]:
                - generic [ref=e252]:
                  - link "Resolution Center News" [ref=e254]:
                    - /url: /news/?type=1771
                  - link "JAMS Relocates Atlanta Resolution Center to Promenade Tower in Midtown" [ref=e255]:
                    - /url: /news/2026/jams-relocates-atlanta-resolution-center-to-promenade-tower-in-midtown
                    - heading "JAMS Relocates Atlanta Resolution Center to Promenade Tower in Midtown" [level=3] [ref=e256]
                - paragraph [ref=e257]: Atlanta — JAMS, the premier provider of alternative dispute resolution (ADR) services worldwide, today announced the relocation of its Atlanta Resolution Center to a new, state-of-the-art space in the...
              - button "Share Event" [ref=e260] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e261]: Share Event
                - img [ref=e262]
          - generic "Pagination" [ref=e264]:
            - button "Previous" [disabled] [ref=e265] [cursor=pointer]:
              - img [ref=e267]
            - generic [ref=e269]:
              - generic [ref=e270]: "1"
              - text: of
              - generic [ref=e271]: "105"
            - button "Next" [ref=e272] [cursor=pointer]:
              - img [ref=e274]
    - generic [ref=e279]:
      - generic [ref=e280]:
        - paragraph [ref=e281]: Need to submit a case with JAMS?
        - link "Submit a Case" [ref=e282] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /submit
      - generic [ref=e283]:
        - paragraph [ref=e284]: Looking for a mediator or arbitrator?
        - link "Search Neutrals" [ref=e285] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /neutrals/search
    - contentinfo [ref=e286]:
      - generic [ref=e290]:
        - link "Go to Home Page" [ref=e293]:
          - /url: /
          - img "home page" [ref=e294]
        - paragraph [ref=e296]: Stay updated on the latest in mediation, arbitration and dispute resolution.
      - generic [ref=e301]:
        - generic [ref=e306]:
          - list [ref=e308]:
            - listitem [ref=e309]:
              - link "Neutrals" [ref=e310]:
                - /url: /neutrals/search
            - listitem [ref=e311]:
              - link "Insights" [ref=e312]:
                - /url: /insights
            - listitem [ref=e313]:
              - link "Rules & Clauses" [ref=e314]:
                - /url: /adr-rules-procedures
            - listitem [ref=e315]:
              - link "Locations" [ref=e316]:
                - /url: /locations
            - listitem [ref=e317]:
              - link "Capabilities" [ref=e318]:
                - /url: /capabilities
            - listitem [ref=e319]:
              - link "Careers" [ref=e320]:
                - /url: /careers
            - listitem [ref=e321]:
              - link "About" [ref=e322]:
                - /url: /about
          - generic [ref=e323]:
            - list [ref=e324]:
              - listitem [ref=e325]:
                - link "Disclaimer" [ref=e326]:
                  - /url: /disclaimer
              - listitem [ref=e327]:
                - link "Contact Us" [ref=e328]:
                  - /url: /contact
              - listitem [ref=e329]:
                - link "Consumer Case Information" [ref=e330]:
                  - /url: /consumercases
              - listitem [ref=e331]:
                - link "Neutrality" [ref=e332]:
                  - /url: /neutrality
              - listitem [ref=e333]:
                - button "Cookie Settings" [ref=e334] [cursor=pointer]
              - listitem [ref=e335]:
                - link "Privacy Center" [ref=e336]:
                  - /url: /privacycenter
              - listitem [ref=e337]:
                - link "Terms of Service" [ref=e338]:
                  - /url: /terms-of-service
              - listitem [ref=e339]:
                - link "Accessibility and Accommodation Requests" [ref=e340]:
                  - /url: /accessibility-accommodation
            - list:
              - listitem
        - generic [ref=e343]:
          - generic [ref=e345]:
            - generic [ref=e346] [cursor=pointer]: Email*
            - textbox "Email*" [ref=e347]:
              - /placeholder: Email address
          - button "Subscribe" [ref=e349] [cursor=pointer]
      - list [ref=e357]:
        - listitem [ref=e358]:
          - link "LinkedIn" [ref=e359]:
            - /url: https://www.linkedin.com/company/jams
            - img [ref=e361]
        - listitem [ref=e363]:
          - link "Twitter" [ref=e364]:
            - /url: https://twitter.com/JAMSADR
            - img [ref=e366]
        - listitem [ref=e369]:
          - link "YouTube" [ref=e370]:
            - /url: https://www.youtube.com/user/JAMSADRExpert
            - img [ref=e372]
        - listitem [ref=e374]:
          - link "Facebook" [ref=e375]:
            - /url: https://www.facebook.com/JAMSAlternativeDisputeResolution
            - img [ref=e377]
      - generic [ref=e379]:
        - generic [ref=e381]:
          - paragraph [ref=e382]: Disclaimer
          - paragraph [ref=e383]: This website is not a solicitation for business. All content on the JAMS website is intended to provide general information about JAMS and an opportunity for interested persons to contact JAMS. The content of this website is not offered as legal advice or legal opinion and it should not be relied upon for any specific situation. JAMS neutrals are not engaged in the practice of law and no attorney client relationship is intended. This website is for informational purposes only and does not constitute a complete description of JAMS services. While JAMS endeavors to keep the information updated and correct, JAMS makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, or reliability of the information contained in this website.
          - paragraph [ref=e384]:
            - link "SEE MORE" [ref=e385]:
              - /url: https://www.jamsadr.com/disclaimer
        - paragraph [ref=e387]: © 2026 JAMS. All rights reserved.
  - region "Cookie banner" [ref=e388]:
    - dialog "Privacy" [ref=e389]:
      - generic [ref=e391]:
        - generic [ref=e394]:
          - text: We use cookies to enhance site navigation, analyze usage, and support our marketing. To view or change your consent, or to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal data via cookies, click Cookie Settings. Please also see our
          - link "Privacy Policy" [active] [ref=e395]:
            - /url: https://www.jamsadr.com/privacycenter
          - text: .
        - button "Cookie Settings" [ref=e398] [cursor=pointer]
      - button "Close" [ref=e400] [cursor=pointer]
```